PAUL LEWIS: Well,
it's a good day today
because I think there are a few
minor issues notwithstanding,
but actually the
majority of the site
is now built, at least from
a static point of view.
So I thought what I'd do
is just show you around
very briefly so you can see
what's going on, really.
So the home page, I think
this was pretty much done last
I showed you.
But the location
wasn't, and that now
is, has all the
information in there.
That's good.
Code of conduct,
that was also done,
but the schedule was not done.
And within that
you've got-- and let
me show you that when you
scale it down, basically
I lose the images.
That was sort of less important.
So one of the--
there's the images,
the images of the speakers
That leaves me here.
Actually one of the
things I need to do
is just do a kind of
rollover state for these
so you know which one you're
actually going to click into.
So I have built
sort of two states
I think is the way to call it.
So there's the
pretalk where we just
are going to give you some
information about the session.
And again, there's
a little more to it.
Like for example, there's
no Back button in there.
And I need to decide
what I'm going
to do with the masthead area.
I might just have the
picture of the speaker
or something like that, or I
might move the title in there.
It really depends
on how I'm feeling,
and actually what the
titles are because I
have no idea what the sessions
are going to be called yet.
So I've tried to be
fairly agnostic about it.
However, after the
talk has gone live,
then we need to be
able to embed the talk.
So we've kind of got this, which
is kind of borrowed, I suppose,
from the live page, which
I'll show you in a moment.
So you've got
basically the video.
There will be the picture of
the speaker, the title, the name
and job title, and then
a bit of a description
about what the actual talk is.
So that's all fine and dandy.
Basically we are pretty
much ready to go.
If I show you this-- so
I have this is_live flag
in the Python.
And I will probably, on
the day itself or the days
themselves, I will switch
this flag from false to true.
And I might even make
it date specific.
I might not.
I'm not quite sure exactly how
I'm going to do it just yet.
But anyway, I'll set
it to true right now.
And that basically adds
this extra banner to the top
of the pages which
don't have a video,
because if they've
already got a video,
then I don't really want to--
like if you go into the live
stream page, then we don't--
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
-Today I've had
a little bit of--
[END PLAYBACK]
PAUL LEWIS: It's me,
on screen, talking
about building this site.
So, hang on, that's
me on this site
looking at a video of me
talking about this site-- whoa,
so meta, wonderfully meta.
Good.
So, what was I saying?
What was I saying?
Oh yeah, if you've
got a video playing,
we don't want to have
that watch live stream,
because you're already
watching the live stream.
So that's just kind
of a minor thing.
And it's got this
little Live now,
Up Next, and then things
that are coming up
the rest of the day.
So my next step
with all this, now
that this is all
fully working, is
to make it kind of
a little bit more
exciting and dynamic I suppose,
because we've got a solid base.
You could deploy this
site, and there would
be nothing wrong with that.
This is a perfectly
functioning site.
So anything I add on now, which
would be to do a proper service
worker, to-- I'm
going to try and do
some transitions between
sections and kind
of dynamically load in content
rather than like a full page
refresh.
I'm hoping to kind of
fade content in and out
and move things around.
All that kind of stuff is a
progressive enhancement move
by me.
So I don't have to do any of it,
but it's worth doing, I think.
OK, so there isn't much
code to show you today.
I just wanted to
kind of check in
to show you that
we've got to a point
now where we could
deploy this site.
We could call this one done.
But we're going to
take it further on.
I'm going to try and make
some more exciting maneuvers
in there, and we'll see
how it all pans out.
Thank you so much for coming
along on this journey with me.
I am loving every minute
of sharing all this stuff
with you.
Thank you to everybody who's
commenting, who's subscribing,
and checking out the
code on GitHub as well.
Let's make it
progressively enhanced
and betterer and awesomer, yes.
[MUSIC PLAYING]